tension all week the merger in 15 minutes support to reverse the trend
in Bordeaux as impressive last week against psg
yoann gourcuff does not know yet if we arrive at the beaujoire around 19 hours 30
but the pressure comes at the moment to change sides
in my humble opinion we are scared on this free kick cheyrou
we will see that the post of hugo loris
fright the Lyon keep their advantage of a goal at the break
for a long time, Bordeaux ignores the Lyon result but curiosity
is too strong to sell his beliefs are common the day manor to 0
the goal remains the same the balance of power has changed the hunter
it is a Bordeaux in the image of president triaud between concentration and
relaxation
the stadium of the Alps the Lyon defense is shaking the shot dja
Djedje
very close to deceiving
manhandled lions reacted on this corner but the head of boumsong is good
caught by a bike
jean-michel aulas shows signs of impatience and the king both the 77th
minute to see his team get sheltered on a school action between
kallstrom bay of ungava
do not forget to kill all suspense the derby of rhône-alpes has almost returned
his verdict sets to that
from the Atlantic
bordeaux who remains on four consecutive victories no longer has the choice
he must follow
during the last minutes on this ultimate occasion jérémy toulalan
forgot the left side
thanks to this success the ol
make it a leader
harper silences his detractors at the same time
season in lnh with the purchase
the euro zone
we opened on saturday
at the same time before joining the strongest of the world circuit including closed
for all in obligation
income in Brittany with the ambition to dethrone lyon and burgundy go
now fight
to stay on the podium
far from drowning under the questions bordeaux realized
françois confidence current yoann gourcuff is the first in action
soon control hits but not decisive
a pot its language status
a superb collective action
fortis leads under pressure
he reports last weekend
disappear doubts
titleholder suffers a share
do not get out of it
imanol 0
ea on the essential
far from imagining what is going on at the Beaujoire karim benzema is even
hermetic when we talk to him about bandol prefers kick in touch with a
tip of irony
I am like the world or if you are concerned about their
Sunday the champion of France
it's an answer that says a lot now the pressure is going
definitely change sides
the scenario of this name bongo looks like misunderstanding that of grenoble
lyon a first period rather mastered and a second a lot
less tranquil
now all without success but the Bordelais are in difficulties
camellias practices m back the danger creeps into crescendo yet 70th minute
corner for bordeaux
beyond the jackson five story
back to 36 lord of war has matured jostling the girondins start to
the shelter a relieved president on three points almost assured but the nantes
in a burst of pride will try to disturb the serenity of the neighbor of
Atlantic
so it's right next
but to play too often the punishment lurks white waiting to return
to the premonition locker room
it's a minute to play
the lack of frightful passing scare communication will tremble but
is still needed harriers
come for the first place the Bordeaux had to play to preserve
the podium a change that found nothing beautiful Girondine machine
orchestrated by an excellent duo anne courtel
so dear to the quality in this team
when we can find a balance between them
the offensive animation and their location the defensive animations
behind
there we have a very good team everything is not perfect
but in any case me personally I take pleasure in this team
very courted rhone gourcuff again marked the spirits the middle
bordelais the same thing troyer a few days of rest in his native brittany
the bus will follow a rampart so without its metronome but with a lot of
certainties
Bordeaux is more than ever in the wheel of Lyon at the end of this 21st
day is a fact
a Bordeaux more and more greedy